If AI is the future, then agentic AI is
the future's future. I don't have to be
the one to tell you that artificial
intelligence is really flipping
powerful. I think we've all seen the
crazy things that it's been used for in
the last few years. I want you to think
back to the first time you heard about
or maybe even used ChatGPT. For myself,
it was December of 2022, a few weeks
after they launched to the public, and I
was listening to some podcast, and I was
like, "Holy crap, this is absolutely
insane. I can put in prompts, and I can
ask it questions, and it can write
emails and write scripts and help me
come up with post ideas. This is going
to be a game-changer." And over the last
few years, it absolutely has been a
game-changer. And the way that ChatGPT
has improved and tools have been built
on top of it and extrapolated what AI is
able to do has been absolutely crazy
over the last few years. But since
ChatGPT launched, there hasn't been
something that has truly blown my mind.
There have been some things that are
really cool, really useful. There have
been a lot of apps and softwares that
have made my life easier. I think that
the progression of AI video over the
last few years in particular has been
absolutely wild. The classic example is
Will Smith eating spaghetti. If you
watch Will Smith eating spaghetti from a
few years ago versus the AI videos now
being made of Will Smith eating
spaghetti, it is absolutely crazy. But I
can truly say that the thing that has
been the most mind-blowing for me, the
most "Oh my gosh, this is going to
change everything" is when I started
learning about and then now have started
using agentic AI. And while it sounds
complex and it can be overwhelming,
agentic AI basically just means having
the artificial intelligence do the thing
for you. So, for example, if I was
having ChatGPT write my emails, instead
of having it write the email and then
copying what it said, opening Gmail
myself, clicking reply, and then pasting
in what ChatGPT said, agentic AI would
be able to log into my Gmail for me,
find the email that it wanted to respond
to, scan the email, read what it was
about, come up with a response that was
in my tone and style, and then draft up
the response right there in Gmail. And
then it could even save it in my drafts
and send me a little notification that
hey, I got a new email, and it wrote a
draft for me, and then it wants me to
review it and then send it if it's
approved. One way that you can think
about it is generative text-based AI, so
ChatGPT, like we've been using it for
the last few years, is like the smartest
person you'll ever meet. And don't get
me wrong, I know that it absolutely
makes mistakes. If you want a funny
example, ask it to confirm that there is
a letter X in the word December, and it
will tell you, "Yeah, there's a letter X
in the word December. You're absolutely
right." Which obviously there's no X in
the word December. So, it makes
mistakes, absolutely. But, it's wide
variety of knowledge and its ability to
search the internet and give you
real-time updates is quite impressive.
It's ability to talk to you about a
recipe for chicken piccata on one
second, and then in the next second give
you an email marketing flow for your
business is absolutely cool. But, at the
end of the day, it's just text output,
right? It's like a really smart person
who has their hands tied behind their
back. Like they can't actually do
anything. They can give you really smart
responses, or really dumb responses in
some cases. They can tell you what to
do. They can guide you through
processes, but it ultimately is relying
on you to take the action. Agentic AI
solves that problem. It gives this super
intelligent super brain computer hands.
It gives it the ability to browse the
web, to click on buttons, and to
actually perform the tasks that you want
it to. And so, this is something that
I've been absolutely geeking out over
recently, and at the same time feeling a
little bit overwhelmed by. I feel like
every time I open up Instagram, I'm
seeing a dozen posts about how this
person did this automation with their
Claude, and this person used this AI to
do this other thing, and it is
absolutely overwhelming. And so, I've
been trying to do my best to actually
not engage with those posts as much, or
maybe save them into a folder that I can
come back to when I'm in the right
headspace. And instead, I've just been
trying to approach agentic AI from a
mindset of playfulness. How can I play
around with this? What problems am I
facing that I could solve using agentic
AI. What regular things am I doing in my
routine that I don't need to be doing
personally? Are there things that I'm
doing every month or every week or maybe
even every single day that just aren't
necessary for me to do? They don't
require my taste or my personality or my
creativity, and they're instead things
that are just drag this here, put this
here, share this here, send this here.
And so while I recognize that it can be
very overwhelming, and it also is
something that is accelerating at a
never-ending pace. It is constantly
getting faster and faster and new tools
and new automations and new this every
few days there's a new thing, I want you
to take a deep breath and just approach
it from the standpoint of how can I play
with this and how could I use it to
solve a problem in my life? With all
that being said, in today's episode, I'm
going to be sharing with you 11
different ideas of how you can use
Claude CoWork, which is Claude's agentic
AI, to do things for you that will make
your Instagram life easier. Now, for
this episode, I've specifically chosen
to focus on Claude CoWork, not because
they're paying me or anything. I wish
they would, but simply because I've
played with a few of these different
tools, and it's the one that I've liked
the most. But if there is a different
tool out there, like maybe Mantis AI or
one of these other agentic AIs that you
find very useful and preferential for
you, knock your socks off, and a lot of
what I'm going to be sharing can
absolutely be applied to other models as
well. But not only do I have the
personal preference of Claude CoWork, it
seems like, and according to the data, a
lot of people are making the jump from
ChatGPT to Claude. So I hope this is
relevant for you, and if it is, don't
forget to hit that subscribe button
because every single week here on the
podcast, I put out helpful tips,
strategies, and ideas for using AI and
not using AI to grow your business
smarter on Instagram or any other social
network. The first way that you can use
Claude CoWork to make your Instagram
life easier is to have it batch write
captions for you every single week.
Basically, every single week, you could
give it your content calendar or your
planned posts for the upcoming week, or
you could give it the topics that you
want to talk about this week, and then
it could go through them and write
captions for you in your style with a
good hook, a body, and a call to action.
It could then automatically save all of
those into a Google Sheet, a Notion
document, a Google Doc, or even right
into your scheduling tool if your
scheduling tool has its API tools
available. If you use something like
Airtable or Google Sheets or Notion to
plan your content in advance, then you
could even hook it up to Claude so that
Claude doesn't need your prompting. It
doesn't need you to go in and say, "Hey,
here's my post for this week." You could
set it so that every Monday at 9:00 a.m.
it goes through the posts that you have
scheduled in Notion and then writes
captions for you. Now, here's the really
cool thing, not just for this idea, but
for all of the ideas I'm sharing with
you today. Do I know how to do them? No.
Do I know how to set them up? No. Do you
know how to do them? Probably not. But,
even more important, do you need to know
how to do them? Absolutely not. That is
the really cool thing about working with
an AI agent. You don't have to know how
to set any of this up. It can set it all
up for you and you're just kind of there
as the overseer in case it gets stuck or
needs login approval or needs you to
click a certain button that it can't
click itself. But, something I want to
challenge you to do with all 11 of these
ideas is stay in the AI tool. Do your
best to not take it over yourself and
say, "Okay, well, it gave me this list
of captions. Now, I'm going to copy and
paste them." No. See if it can copy and
paste them yourself. See if it can do
the task for you. See if it is able to
problem-solve for you instead of you
problem-solving for it. And also
something that I briefly mentioned
during idea number one and I kind of
glossed over that is maybe my favorite
part of using Agentic AI with Claude
Co-work is that you can have it do
things on a repeatable schedule. That
was one of the limitations that I didn't
love with Manifold when I was playing
around with their Agentic AI is that
with Manifold you were only allowed, at
least at the time that I was using it,
to schedule one reoccurring task per
week. But, with Claude Co-work you can
have an unlimited amount of reoccurring
tasks. So, for example, every single
day, multiple times a day, I'm having
Claude co-work log into my Gmail
account, go through my email inbox, and
determine what needs a response, and
then not just what needs a response, but
then write the email and save it in my
drafts for me. But, I also have it on a
repeated schedule, so that whenever one
of these YouTube videos is uploaded and
published, it will transcribe or grab
the transcription of the YouTube video
and use the transcription to write
chapters and then add those chapters to
the description themselves, so that you,
as you're watching this video, hopefully
it's true right now at the time that I'm
saying this, there should be little
chapters down here, so that you can skim
through the video and find the specific
moment that you're looking for. And that
is something that I used to do myself,
and something that wouldn't take me too
long, but it was another thing that I
was having to do every single week that
didn't require my own taste or
creativity or expertise. It was
essentially just taking the
transcription and summarizing it and
breaking it down into different
chapters. Now, Claude is doing that 100%
for me. As someone who cooks about 95%
of their meals at home, and know that's
not an exaggeration, usually the only
meal that Tay and I eat out each week is
our sushi Saturday. What we eat, what we
prepare, it matters a lot to us. And
that's why I'm so excited to introduce
you to our newest sponsor, HelloFresh.
HelloFresh allows you to choose between
more than 100 recipes every single week,
including cuisines from all around the
world and bigger portions that satisfy
everyone. Over 35 of those weekly
recipes are high-protein recipes, which
fires me up, and it allows me to feel
great because I know that I'm eating
wholesome ingredients, like sustainably
sourced seafood and 100% antibiotic and
hormone-free chicken. And of course,
most important of all is how it tastes,
and let me tell you, it actually tastes
really good. This helps me be a better
business owner because I'm able to eat
meals that taste good and help me feel
satisfied. I don't have to spend as much
time thinking or prepping each meal, and
I can make sure that I'm hitting my
protein goals in the process. Go to
hellofresh.com/bytfm
to get 10 free meals plus a free
Zwilling knife, which is a $144.99
value on your third box. This offer is
only valid while supplies last. Free
meals applied at discount on your first
box for new subscribers only and varies
by plan. The second thing that you can
have it do for you every single week on
a repeated schedule is look for trending
audios. Now, you could give it specific
Instagram accounts to look for. You
could give it a specific niche or type
of trending audio that you're looking
for. I have found it helpful to have it
help me trend spot. So, not just pull
out trending audios that have over a
million uses, but specifically look for
trending audios that have recently grown
from less than 1,000 uses to over 50,000
uses within the last 7 days because
those are the trends that are really
popping off and blowing up right now.
And you could have it do this maybe once
or twice a week. And then you could even
set it up so that those trending audios
are added to a Google document or
they're sent to you via text message so
that you can then use them and thus take
advantage of the trend that much easier
and that much faster. Idea number three
relies on the strategy that I've taught
here on Build Your Tribe before, which
is called taking a nap, in which nap is
an acronym that stands for a niche
adjacent post. Usually, it's taking
something from pop culture or the news
or something that's trending in the
world in general and relating it back to
your niche. This is something that used
to take a lot of time and energy and
creativity to research, but now you
could set it up so that every single
week Claude CoWork is researching for
different trending topics and popular
things within pop culture or news
headlines that relate to your niche and
then you could turn those things into
posts. Or you could have Claude CoWork
automatically create carousels for you
based on the instructions that you give
it, based off the past carousels that
you've made, and that ultimately relate
to those topics. Or you could have it
look for trending topics and ideas that
are a little bit outside of your niche
and then have it be challenged with
coming up with how this thing that is a
little bit outside of your niche, like
the Olympics or whatever movie is super
popular right now, relate back to your
niche. Idea number four is for those of
you who have long-form content, so a
podcast, a YouTube channel of your own,
or maybe you do live streams on some
other platform. You could have Claude
automatically take that long-form
content, transcribe it, and then pull
out the best moments, the best quotes,
the best clippable phrases, and then not
just pull out those moments or pull out
the text, but it could then generate
carousels or quote posts or even text
post reels using those quotes. You could
even give it access to an entire library
of B-roll content of you, and then it
could use that B-roll content to create
entire done-for-you reels. To do that,
of course, you would have to have a
bunch of B-roll footage of yourself,
you'd probably have to upload it to some
sort of cloud-based storage system like
Google Drive or Dropbox, and then you
would probably have to give Claude code
access to like your Canva account or
something, but it could take that
B-roll, put it into a new document in
Canva or some other editing app, and
then take out these text snippets or
these sound bites from your long-form
video and automatically add it on top of
the B-roll footage, thus creating B-roll
reels for you in just a matter of
seconds automatically. And this one is
another example of something that I'm
actually having it do for the Build Your
Tribe podcast every single week. I have
it take the transcription of the episode
and have it pull out these sound bites
or these clippable moments, these things
that are really going to be juicy and
perform well on social media, and then I
have it create a few different style of
carousels for me that are ready to go
and post on my Instagram, which makes my
life so much easier. And again, it's
something that doesn't necessarily
require my own personality or creativity
or taste. I am the one ultimately with
the final say, and I get to be the final
judge of whether or not I want to post
these things, but I'm the one also who's
doing the work recording these podcasts
and creating this education and putting
out this tutorials and these tips and
these ideas for you, and so now I don't
also have to be the the who's going
through and cutting them up and pulling
out these little snippets, instead
Claude can do that for me and I can
extend my output without changing my
input. Idea number five is what I'm
going to call trend aggregation or maybe
even simpler post aggregation. If you're
anything like me then you have a running
note of random ideas. Maybe you're
laying in bed about to fall asleep and a
random idea for a reel pops in your
head. Maybe you're eating your breakfast
in the morning and you're like, oh I
should do a video about that. But you
can't exactly record it in that moment.
So what you normally do is you write it
down in your notes and then maybe the
next time you're going to film you cross
your fingers and hope that you remember
what it is that you wanted or you
remember to even look up that note or
you're able to even find it somewhere
lost in your notes app. Instead what you
could do is put all of these random
ideas into something like a notion
document or even a Google Doc and then
you can give Claude Co-work access to
that document and set it with the task
so that every single day or maybe every
single week it scans the document and it
pulls out those ideas and it turns them
into maybe fully fleshed out scripts.
Maybe it's going to group them into
different kinds of reels. Hey, these
seven reels are going to take a lot of
time, energy and effort but these three
reels are going to be easy. Maybe it's
going to break them down by different
topics that you normally talk about. You
can have it set up however you want but
basically it's turning these random
thoughts and ideas that are always
popping into your head into things that
you can actually take action on and that
you're able to take action on so much
easier. Idea number six is a weekly
performance recap. Essentially you would
just have to connect Claude to some sort
of Google Sheet and you could even have
Claude set it up so that your Instagram
data, your Instagram insights
automatically populate into said Google
Sheet and then it could take all of the
data in that sheet and create useful
summaries for you so that you know what
is actually working on your Instagram.
And then you could have it take it a
step further and not just determine what
is working and what isn't but then come
up with new ideas, right? New scripts or
find fresh trends and ideas that are
similar to ones that have worked well in
the past, but are slightly new and
different. Idea number seven is to have
Claude draft outreach to potential
sponsors or brands that you want to work
with, which by the way, I did an episode
a few weeks ago and it's one of our
worst performing videos on the channel,
which I kind of figured that it would,
but it's truly so helpful. If you are
someone who wants to get paid for
posting, not become an influencer, but
just make maybe a couple hundred or a
couple thousand extra bucks every single
month for the audience that you have
already worked so hard to build. And
yes, even with a thousand followers,
this is possible. I highly recommend
going back and checking out that
episode. I will link it up down in the
show notes below, but again, it's how to
get paid for posting. But this idea,
idea number seven, is to have Claude
automatically write up outreach for you.
Write up the emails that I talk about
sending in that episode. You could also
have Claude, somewhat similarly, draft
up emails or even just DM messages that
you're going to send to other
Instagrammers who you want to
collaborate with. Collab posts are one
of the most underrated and best ways to
grow on Instagram, and yet so few people
do them because that initial outreach,
that sending of the message, you wonder,
"What should I even say? How should I
even write that message?" Claude can do
that for you and it can save you so much
time by writing it in your tone and
style and voice and personality without
you having to manually sit down and do
it. And for this, like many of the other
things on the list, you could give
Claude a list of brands that you wanted
to outreach for and then have it do the
work of finding the correct email
address and then writing up that email,
or you could even backtrack a step and
have Claude do the research, come up
with what brands it thinks you should
reach out to and what brands it thinks
you should work with, then find the
email address, then draft the email, and
save it for you so that really you're
just there to sign off on the email and
sign off on the brand that you actually
want to partner with. Back in 2016 when
I started my first real online business,
I remember that my head was filled with
so many what ifs. What if no one buys
this? What if I'm an impostor? What if
there's no market? What if I can't sell?
What if what if what if what if this is
all just a big waste of time and I'm
just banging my head against the wall?
But what I wish someone told me back
then is just like you can imagine all
the negative what ifs, there are just as
many if not more positive what ifs. What
if this works out? What if this is my
breakthrough? What if this is what sets
me financially free? And thanks to one
of today's sponsors, Shopify,
it's easier than ever to turn those
positive what ifs into reality. Shopify
is the e-commerce platform behind
millions of businesses around the world,
and it now represents about 10% of the
entire e-commerce market in the US. From
some of the most famous and well-known
brands in the world like Gymshark to
solopreneurs, Shopify has you covered.
Shopify helps you get the word out about
your e-commerce business as if you had
an entire marketing team behind you. It
easily helps you create email and social
campaigns so that you can attract
customers wherever they're scrolling.
And if you ever get stuck, Shopify has
24/7 round-the-clock award-winning
customer support. That way you can
tackle the important tasks from
inventory to payments to analytics all
in one place. No need to bookmark
multiple websites and sign up for
multiple tools, you can do it all in
Shopify. It makes your life easier and
it makes your business operations run
smoother. It's time to turn those what
ifs into
with Shopify today. Sign up for your $1
per month trial at shopify.com/tribe.
Go to shopify.com/tribe.
That's s h o p i f dot com forward slash
t r i b e. Idea number eight is to use
Claude to qualify your leads in the
direct messages. This is something that
I recently learned about from my good
friend Gannon Meyer, and he is an
absolute pro when it comes to ManyChat
and automation, so check him out on
Instagram. But something that he's been
talking about and teaching and
implementing for people who work with
his agency recently is using Claude to
kind of like oversee your ManyChat DMs.
Let me try to explain this in a way that
makes sense because when he first told
me about it, I was a little bit confused
myself. Essentially, you have people
send a keyword, and then from that
keyword, a automation is triggered. They
send the word guide to get your free
guide. But then, once they send that
keyword, they don't just get a boring
old link, and then it ends there.
There's actually an entire flow, or you
could think of it as like an entire
conversation that branches off from
there. Now, here's the key distinction.
You could have Claude respond for you,
but I'm not a fan of that. I'm not a fan
of pretending like it's you responding,
but it's actually going to be like an AI
robot. I don't quite think the AI is
quite there yet. I've seen way too many
examples of people uh calling out other
people for using an AI agent or an AI
responder in their DMs. So, instead,
here's how you would use it. You would
have pre-written responses that you
wrote. So, it is you writing, and it is
your voice. But then, which response
people get would be based off of their
own open-ended response, and Claude
would be able to figure it out. So,
let's say someone DM'd you the word
guide because they wanted your ebook.
You were like, "Oh, okay, cool. I'll
send you the guide in just a second. Let
me get your email first." They respond
right there in the DMs with their email.
Boom, the PDF is sent to them right
there in the DMs. But then, 2 hours
later, there was a follow-up that was
like, "Hey, I saw that you got my free
guide for rock climbing. I'm curious,
how long have you been rock climbing?"
And then, it's not like you have to give
them a multiple-choice, which is what
you would have had to do in the past.
What you can do is just leave it
open-ended. It's a genuine question. How
long have you been rock climbing? And
then, based off their response, Claude
is able to analyze that and give them a
different follow-up from you based off
their response. So, if they respond,
they say, "Uh you know, I'm kind of just
getting into it. I don't really know if
I want to take it that seriously yet,
but I'm going on a trip this weekend, so
I wanted the free guide." Claude could
then group them into a bucket that
determines that they are a newbie or a
beginner. If they were someone who was
like, "Yeah, I've been rock climbing for
the last few years, and I'm starting to
take it a little bit more seriously.
Claude could say, "Oh, well, then
they're intermediate." And if they were
someone who's like, "Yeah, I'm an
advanced I am a rock climbing coach
myself, and I wanted to see what your
guide included." Then Claude could put
them as an expert. And then based off
whether they're a beginner, an
intermediate, or an expert, it could
then have a different follow-up. So, if
they're a beginner, Claude could give
them an automated follow-up, again,
written by you in your tone, voice, and
style, totally you, a follow-up that's
like, "Awesome. Super excited to
introduce another rock climber into the
world of rock climbing. I created this
mini course to help you get kick-started
because I know that going to a local gym
can be a little bit overwhelming. Here
it is." And then it's giving them a
beginner course. For the intermediate
person, it could be like, "Awesome.
What's your favorite place to go rock
climbing?" And then they could respond.
And then based off the geographic area
of the country that they respond with
their favorite area to go rock climbing,
it could then give them a different
guide to the best places to rock climb
in that area of the country. So, the
responses are totally different. They
are written by you, so they're your
voice, they're your tone, but which
response people are getting is being
determined by Claude. Again, how do you
set all this up? I ain't got no clue.
Ask Gannon or ask Claude and ask the AI
to figure it out and set it up for you,
and either walk you through the process
of setting it up or literally set it up
itself. Idea number nine is what I'm
going to call the steal like an artist
automation.
If you're anything like me, not only do
you have a giant note with a bunch of
random ideas and posts and things you
want to do, but you also probably have a
saved folder with hundreds or honestly
maybe even thousands of posts that
you've saved that you want to come back
to, that you want to remake, or that you
want to get inspired by in the future.
You could have it set up so that on a
weekly basis, Claude goes through your
entire saved library, or even a specific
saved folder on your Instagram, pulls
out all of those ideas, and then writes
a little summary of them, or comes up
with a way that you could use this idea
for your own niche, or even writes a
fully fleshed out script based off of
the inspiration of the post that you
have saved. That way the only thing that
you have to do is the things that you
are great at and the things that only
you can do, which are number one, taste.
Having the preferences and the style and
the personality to say, "Ooh, I really
like this reel. Ooh, this is a good
idea. Ooh, this one caught my
attention." That initial ideation phase,
then you can skip all the steps in the
middle of, "Oh yeah, what was that post
that I saved? What was my idea? What was
original about their reel? Did I like
their hook? Did I like their format?
What can I borrow? What can I get from?"
And you can instead jump right to the
final step, which is you actually
creating it using your own creativity.
And you're allowing Claude to do all of
those monotonous steps in the middle,
which is also going to make you less
likely to skip or forget about a post
that you saved and thus also make you
more likely to actually use the post
that you're saving and make the most of
the time that you spend scrolling. Idea
number 10 is something that is so
overlooked, so underrated and yet it's
going to be so helpful for you. I was
talking to this big wig marketer the
other day and we both agreed that a very
common problem that brands and small
business owners and solopreneurs face is
that they don't have a brand voice
document. Like you know what you want to
sound like. You can read something and
be like, "That sounds like ChatGPT. I
wouldn't say it that way." But it's hard
for you to articulate how you would
sound. And so that's why your captions
sound so much like ChatGPT. That's why
no one's engaging with your post because
it's clear that they were written by
ChatGPT. They don't have your unique
voice or personality or style or taste
or anything like that. But something
that you can do is actually use AI to
overcome sounding like AI. You can use
Claude to go through your Instagram,
including the words you're saying in
your reels and what you're writing in
your caption and how you're responding
to people in the comments. You can have
it go through your email inbox. You can
have it go through your notes app or
your Google Docs and learn what your
tone is and learn what your style is.
And honestly, you don't even ever
actually have to see what it knows. It
can just learn all those things about
you and then apply that to anything it's
creating in the future. But what I think
the actual power play is is to have it
on a weekly basis go through one of the
things that I just listed, your
Instagram, your inbox, your notes app,
whatever, and constantly be learning
what your tone is and how it's changing.
Because it's likely that there's words
that you're saying in 2026 that you
never said before 2023. And there's
phrases that you said all the time in 20
22 that you learned on Tik Tok and it
was in some trending audio that you
never say anymore. And so those little
things, those little nuances that evolve
over time that you might not even notice
or pay attention to, AI can track and it
can pre-kind of like a living brand
voice document. So this document can
then be put into any other AI model that
you might move to in the future. It can
be used by Claude or any other AI tool
that you are a fan of to create better
content, write things that sound more
like you, and plan content that is
actually in your voice. And if you ever
end up working with an agency or a coach
or a business coach or anything like
that who needs to know like, "Hey, what
is your brand voice? What do you sound
like? What makes you different from
everyone else?" You have this entire
document that was written for you
automatically by Claude. And then
finally, the 11th way that you can use
Claude to automatically make your
Instagram life easier is having it do
competitor analysis for you on a regular
basis. Again, just like so many of the
other ideas I've given you today, you
could have Claude come up with your list
of competitors for you. Or if you
already know who these competitors and I
put it in air quotes because all ships
rise together. I don't view anyone else
as competition, but you know, someone
else who's in your niche, someone else
who does what you do on Instagram or on
whatever your social media is, you could
give that list of five or 10 or 15
people to Claude and then on a weekly
basis it could analyze their content and
pull out the outliers. Pull out the ones
that are high performers and then figure
out why were those high performers. Was
it the hook? Was it something in the
video? Was it something in the caption?
Was it something going on in pop culture
that had nothing to do with the post?
Why did it perform so well? And then
let's take it a step further. Let's not
just give you a weekly rundown of here's
what other people are doing that works
well, but then here's how you can reuse
these ideas or here's how you can take
inspiration or here's a video format
that you could create. You could also
use it to help you figure out where the
gaps are. Like what is something that
all of these people are missing out on
talking about? What is a topic that you
could bring in, something that you are
uniquely credible or qualified to talk
about or make a post about that these
other people are ignoring in their
content. And again, you can have all of
this done for you automatically on a
weekly basis. You could have it write
entire scripts with hooks and planned
out b-roll. You could even theoretically
have it create those reels for you. That
would be quite an advanced and
multi-step automation, but it's
absolutely possible. You would be
absolutely shocked and mind-blown as am
I every single day using these agentic
AI tools because their capabilities are
absolutely nuts and while it is
overwhelming and crazy how fast this AI
train is accelerating, it's also really
cool that every few days it can do more.
Every few days it has better
capabilities. Every few days it's faster
and more efficient. Every few days it's
that much better. So again, I know that
this is overwhelming, but the last piece
of advice that I want to leave you with
is a reminder. Approach AI with a
playful heart. Experiment, test things
out, and see how it could solve just one
for you today. Don't try to automate
your entire life. Don't try to replace
every step in your system with AI.
Replace the steps that are repeatable,
that follow a system, and that do not
require your own unique voice and
personality and taste and interest and
style, and you'll be able to multiply
your output, grow more, help more
people, increase your income, impact, or
influence on the world, and ultimately
do that while working less and doing
more of what you absolutely love to do.
Thank you so much for being here today
and as always, happy networking.